In a cryptocurrency system, each wallet corresponds to a private key. For example, in a regular cryptocurrency transactions, Bob has to initiate the transaction and use his private key to sign the transaction if he wants to transfer certain amounts of cryptocurrencies to Tom. Subsequently, the signed transaction is broadcasted to the public blockchain and is regarded as a complete transaction. Since the transaction only involves a single signature, the security of regular cryptocurrency transactions largely relies on the security of the private key, which is a potential security risk.

Multisignature refers to a transaction that requires multiple private keys to approve the transaction. We take a 2-3 multisignature mechanism as an example. First of all, a multisignature address is created by three different wallets. When initiating a multi-signature transaction, there must be at least two out of three private keys signing the transaction. The security of the transactions is thus enhanced by increasing the numbers of signatures. For instance, a common address is created by Bob, Alice and Jack. When performing a transaction, at least two out of three (Bob, Alice and Jack) private keys should sign the transactions.

Space Node is a blockchain node operated in the space. It employed the hardware specially designed for aerospace. Meanwhile, the communication between space and ground is via the wavelength and coding format for aerospace. Thus, the security of the SpaceNode is higher. 

SpaceNode secure payment employs a 2-3 multisignature mechanism. User has his/her own private key and backup private key. SpaceNode has a satellite private key. These three keys generate a multisignature wallet. As shown in the figure below, Bob uses a multisignature wallet to transfer cryptocurrencies to Tom. The transaction is signed by Bob and satellite, respectively. The transaction is then broadcasted to the blockchain network. 
